I come to this course module This module is not about I on it too it is about angle or two.
It's there to refresh your angler to knowledge and you don't need that if you already finished this
course.
It's only there if you're about to start the course but you.
Yeah you get some basic angler to knowledge but you want to refresh this knowledge then go through this
section here so that you feel more confident using English too.
And you know the core concepts of English too.
Now I strongly recommend picking up a dedicated Angler or two course if you've got no angle or to knowledge
at all because then even this section might not be enough.
But with that let's get started and see what English too really is all about.